README.md, before:

# Module-02-Challenge

## Description

I have created a portfolio page that showcases my skills in coding. This portfolio includes links to already deployed applications that potential employers can review and assess whether I am a good candidate for an open position. The page includes information on myself as well, for example, name, photo, about me section, etc.

This site has been created also to showcase my ability to use core skills such as flex box, media queries, and CSS variables. 

Before creating the code for the portfolio, I created a wireframe to come up with the structure I wanted my website to follow. 

![Screenshot of wireframe](./assets/images/topbar%20screenshot.png)

## Deployment

## Credits

Social Media icons downloaded from [Iconfinder](https://www.iconfinder.com)

Wireframe made using [Lucidchart](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/dbf09575-ca51-4bed-ba0c-082350a58727/edit?viewport_loc=-310%2C-19%2C2491%2C1375%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_3e81d4df-39cd-4531-a59d-b14033281fb0)

Reset CSS copied from [Eric A. Meyer's site](https://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 sarasg89

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

updated photos and added credits in README file

README.md, after:

# Module-02-Challenge

## Description

I have created a portfolio page that showcases my skills in coding. This portfolio includes links to already deployed applications that potential employers can review and assess whether I am a good candidate for an open position. The page includes information on myself as well, for example, name, photo, about me section, etc.

This site has been created also to showcase my ability to use core skills such as flex box, media queries, and CSS variables. 

Before creating the code for the portfolio, I created a wireframe to come up with the structure I wanted my website to follow. 

![Screenshot of wireframe](./assets/images/topbar%20screenshot.png)

## Deployment

## Credits

Social Media icons downloaded from [Iconfinder](https://www.iconfinder.com)

Wireframe made using [Lucidchart](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/dbf09575-ca51-4bed-ba0c-082350a58727/edit?viewport_loc=-310%2C-19%2C2491%2C1375%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_3e81d4df-39cd-4531-a59d-b14033281fb0)

Reset CSS copied from [Eric A. Meyer's site](https://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/)

Photos used for the applications:
- Surf: [Photo by Alexey Sinelnikov](https://www.pexels.com/photo/body-of-water-and-golden-hour-2911941/)
- LED wall: [Photo by Justin Lane](https://unsplash.com/photos/lwwM_dotpcs)
- Calculator: [Photo by Eduardo Rosas](https://www.pexels.com/photo/white-and-black-laptop-computer-907489/)
- Pastel Puzzels: [Photo by Ann H](https://www.pexels.com/photo/pink-jigsaw-puzzle-piece-3482441/)
- Run Buddy: [Photo by Andrea Piacquadio](https://www.pexels.com/photo/strong-sportsmen-ready-for-running-on-stadium-3764011/)

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 sarasg89

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
